c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\SongsDB.exe.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\SongsDB.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\SongsDB.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.g.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SongsDB\SongsDB\obj\Debug\SongsDB.pdb
